c:\users\virus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test.dll
c:\users\virus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test.pdb
c:\users\virus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\Com.Andyshi.NH3.dll
c:\users\virus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\virus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\virus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\virus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\nunit.mocks.dll
c:\users\virus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\Com.Andyshi.NH3.pdb
c:\users\virus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\obj\Debug\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\virus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\obj\Debug\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test.dll
c:\users\virus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\obj\Debug\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test.pdb
C:\Users\virus\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\hibernate.cfg.xml
C:\Users\virus\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\Mappings\Category.hbm.xml
C:\Users\virus\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\Mappings\Product.hbm.xml
C:\Users\virus\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\Mappings\Order.hbm.xml
C:\Users\virus\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\Mappings\OrderItem.hbm.xml
C:\Users\virus\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\log4net.config
C:\Users\virus\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\HibernatingRhinos.Profiler.Appender.dll
C:\Users\virus\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\virus\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\Mappings\Customer.hbm.xml
C:\Users\virus\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Com.Andyshi.NH3Solution\Com.Andyshi.NH3Test\bin\Debug\HibernatingRhinos.Profiler.Appender.NHibernateLog4Net.dll
